He couldn't sleep. He lay there for almost an hour staring at the bathroom door. Finally he sat up grabbed his phone
frot eh night stand and punched in Carol's number.

"Hello?" answer Carol in a soft, questioning voice. It was obvious she was already asleep.

"Carol, something crazy is happening here and I need you to come over."

"What is it babe, its late can I come by tom.."

"No, it has to be now. Serious Carol, I saw something and I need someone else to see it."

"Ok, Josh. Calm down, are you O.K.?"

"Yes, I'm alright, please just come over?" Josh's voice was shaky now. The initial shock of what he had seen had worn
off and what was left was cold fear. He looked up at the bathroom door again, afraid it might be open.

"Ok sweetie, I'm on my way. Sit tight." She still sounded half asleep but he could hear her rustling out of bed as she
hung up.

Josh set the phone back down on the nightstand. He stood up and without taking his eyes from the bathroom door, quickly
walked into the hall. he went to the kitchen and hastly grabbed a glass out of the cabinet. His hands were slick with
sweat and he almost dropped the glass on his way to the fridge. he poured himself a glass of water but only drank half
of it.

He was too nervous to sit still he put the half full glass down on the counter and walked into the living room. What was
he going to do, did he just see a man die in there? Who was that, how did they get into his house? Were they even really
in the house, Josh had felt the mirror it was real. There was nothing behind it, the wall was an external wall to the
house.

He paced back and forth, thoughts and questions streamed through his mind faster then he could tryand answer them.

A clang came from the hallway, like a a light metallic object bouncing of a hard surface. His eyes immediately shot
towards the hall, what was that he thought. Oh shit what am I going to do.

He cautiously stepped towards the hallway. He took one step in and looked towards his bedroom. The hall and bedroom
lights were off but he could see light in his room. He took one more step down the dark hallway, edging his back along
the wall. The light was coming from underneatht he bathroom door. Didn't I turn off the bathroom light? he thought I'm
sure I did. He took one more step.

When the bathroom door itself was in view he heard a small click then grinding of hinges. A rectangular shaft of light
shot across his bedroom as the bathroom door slowly swung open. Oh Jesus I gotta go I can stay here. But he had to stay,
Josh was nearly petrified with terror but a morbid sense of curiosity drove hime forward. Had some one really been
murdered in my bathroom, I have to see it. He yearned to know if it was true.

Josh edged the rest of the length fo the hallway until he was at the bedroom door. There were no more sounds. And no
shadows Josh thought, If I see a shadow I'm outta here.

No shadow appeared. Josh took a step intot he bedroom. And then another, and another, until he was just a foot away from
the bathroom door. He could see the toliet be hind the door, but he would have to peek around the door jamb to see what
he really wanted to see, the mirrors.

Inching closer to the door he put one hand on the door frame. Slowly he peeked in to see more and more of the bathroom.
There was the shower, shower curtain still drawn. The towel rack. then the edge of the counter across the bathroom. Any
further and he would start to see the mirrors.

Josh closed his eyes, fear filled him to the core. He noticed he was sweating, but also terribly cold. Finally, he opend
his eyes, gritted he teeth and peer in a few more inches.

He didn't know what to expect to see in the mirrors. When his head was fully into the bathroom he saw just the circular
hallway reflection. No man, no black mist, no shrouded hand. he looked down at the floor and saywhat had mad the
initially clanging noise. His metal toiletry cup had fallen off the counter and rolled across the floor.

Not seeing anything in the mirrors enlivened him to step into the bathroom and pick up the cup. Josh stood there for a
moment staring at the cup in his hand, I had to have placed it too close to the edge. I left the light on by accident
and I didnt shut the door fully. The AC must have kicked on and opened the door. It was nothing he told himself, just a
huge overreaction. And now your going to have to explain to Carol why you freaked out.
