The next morning was a Monday and Carol left early. She didn't take any time off and needed to run home before work.
Josh thought this was fine as he surveyed all of his unpacked boxes. Time to get to work.

Josh spent most of the morning unpacking the boxes int he kitchen and living room. He quickly noticed that his
television rested directly on the floor and there was nowhere for anyone to set. He remembered he and Carol had slept on
a mattress on the floor of his bedroom last night and decided it was time to make a run to the nearest furniture store
to make is new home a little more homey.

There was an Ikea close. It took Josh most of the afternoon to traverse to winding paths of build it yourself furniture.
By the end he had amassed quite a list of new additions for his house. The clerk at the checkout counter said it could
all be delivered on Wednesday. Since Josh couldn't possibly haul all the things home in his car this would have to do,
one more night on the floor he thought.

By the time Josh stepped back through his front door it was dark and his stomach was gurgaling furiosly. He scanned the
pantry and refridgerator, of course they were empty he hadn't had time to go grocery shopping. The only thing adorning
the shelves of the fridge were two pieces of left over pizza. He wolfed these down, not even bothering to reheat them.

With no cable or internet there wasn't much to do for Josh at this time of night. He retreated to his bedroom. There he
openned a few of the boxes in the corner to find the book he had been reading. 

He had just started a Dean Koontz novel, something about Frankenstein and his monster surviving to modern day. He was
just seeing some new characters...Josh raised his head from the book. He thought he had heard something.

By no means was Josh's new neighbor hood silent. He lived on a main through road and so cars racing by were common
occurences. But just then he thought he heard a voice. Not in the house, but far off. Like someone yelling a few blocks
away. This also would not have been strange in itself but there was something about this voice. Near but also far away.

Josh shook his head, not believing he had spent so long trying to listen to someone yelling outside. But what if it's
someone yelling for help he thought. The voice sounded so far away, surely someone closer would have also heard it and
be able to better understand the situation. Whatever.

He readjusted himself, put his back up against the wall, book craddled in his lap. he started to read again.

He read for an hour. It was turning out to be a good book and he was losing himself in it. The indicator finally came
that it was time to stop when his eyelids started to get a little heavy and flutter closed.

"--elp," the person was shouting again, although this time the voice was altogether different. He could make out that it
was a man. This time the voice was not so much distant as just quite. Josh got a strange since that the sound was coming
from somewhere inside, like someone shouting on television or a radio.

Josh stood up and took a step towards the bedroom door. he cocked his ear to listen, hoping that the far off but somehow
near voice would sound again.

"--elp," this time Josh heard it clearly. Instead of walking out of the bedroom he turned to his right and stepped into
his bathroom. On the right, behind the door was the toilet and further ahead the shower. On the left, on the wall of the
bathroom door and also across the bathroom were his and her sinks. Each had a large mirror. 

Josh stepped between the mirrors he noticed that they were not quite parallel. Instead of creating the illusion of an
endless straight hallway, the endless reflection veared off to one side. It reminded Josh of the wide circular hallways
you see on spaceships in SciFi movies.

"--eeeelp," Josh spun around to find his own stunned face staring back at him in the opposite mirror. The voice had
definitely come from directly behind him. There was only the mirrorand behind that the wall. If the voice had been from
outside he would not have been so sure he had heard something directly behind him.

Josh took one step towards the opposite mirror and turned his ear to it. He stood there for what felt like an eternity.
Nothing. He looked down at his arm and saw his hair standing on end. That was really wierd he thought. He stood in the
middle of his bathroom for another two minutes, but heard no more voices.

"Must have just been someone outside," he said to himself. Not fully beleiving it. He got ready for bed anyway. Read a
few more chapters of Koontz and fell alseep with the book proped on his chest.
