The next few days were uneventful as far as strange noises went. Josh didn't have to return to work until next weeks so
he spent most of his free time unpacking baxes and assembling plywood furniture.

Carol even came by after work on Wednesday to help out. She stayed over that night suggesting they needed to test out
Josh's new bed stand. Josh thought that it didn't matter if the bed squeaked any more, he had the whole hose to himself
now.

By Thursday evening Josh broke down the last of his cardboard boxes and stacked them in the garage. He did a tour of his
fully furnished home felt a spark of pride in himself. I may actually be an adult now he thought.

The cable guy had come by that morning and all Josh wanted to do now was veg on the couch and watch a little Family Guy.
After about four episodes, it must have been some kind of marathon or something, Josh was gentle snoozing on the couch.

He was dreaming. It was strange for him to be dreaming in anything less then full on sleep in his bed, but we was
dreaming nonetheless. He was standing in a long curved hallway. He turned to look behind him and the hall stretched in
that direction as well. He could not see the end in either direction.

Josh started to walk. After about a minute, still not seeing the end of the hallway he started to become a little
anxious. With each step Josh becaming more worried he would be trapped here, walking in circles forever. He started to
run, not fast, but intent on finding what ever it was at the end of this strange curved hall.

Finally he saw something. It was just a wall with a large square plate. As he came closer and it straightened out he
noticed it was a sort of window. On the other side of the window was a small room. He stopped running and walked a few
more steps until he was just ten feet away from the window. 

The room on the other side was his bathroom. He took a couple steps closer. He could see the closet on the right, and
the toilet on the left. Directly ahead was the opposite mirror. He expected to see himself in the mirror across the
bathroom but when he looked he...

Josh awoke with a violent start. He was on the couch, but no longer slumped against the cushions. His sat bolt upright.
He looked around quickly, Stewie was pointing a laser gun and monologuing to someone on the television, but nothing
seemed to be amiss. It was only a dream.

Now it was definitely time for bed he thought. He clicked of the television and headed to his bedroom. He threw his
shirt on the floor and walked into the bathroom to brush his teeth.

He had been startled by the dream but it was already fading. He had already forgotten what was at the end of the long
hallway. Josh turned on the faucet closest to the door to the bedroom and started to brush his teeth. He finished with a
little mouthwash as he always did and wiped his face on the towel hanging from the ring in the wall.

He took two steps towards the door hand reaching for the light switch when a low noise punctuated the otherwise silent
air. Josh froze. For a full 10 seconds he didn't move. He instantly remembered the yelling man from a few nights before.
This sound was nothing like that.

Josh turned. The noise had only lasted a couple seconds, the bathroom was silent again. He slowly look left and right.
Then it came again. A low, gutteral moan no loader then a whisper seemed to eminate from the opposite mirror. Josh
stared at the mirror, to scared to move closer or to retreat into the bedroom. This was not a sound he could easily
explain as a house creak or a squaky pipe.

The sound receded again. Josh thought he might be able to run, but there was nothing in the bathroom. Nothing to be
afraid of except the unexplain sound. He took a step towards the mirror, now just a few feet away.

The moan started once more, it was a deep sound as if someone was slowly groaning from the deepest part of there
throughts. It sounded feminine, but he couldn't know for sure. This time the moan didn't stop. Josh was still staring
fixedly at the center of the mirror. There seemed to be something there. not something solid but just a faint whisp of
darkness there in the middle of the mirror.

Josh took a step closer, his face now only two feet away from the mirror. The moan started to intensify. it slowly got
loader and as it did it changed from the low gutteral whisper to hoarse rasp. The voice, if it was a voice would
definitely belonged to a woman. A woman who smoke a carton a day.

Josh's heart was pounding in his chest and in his ears. He could feel the hair standing up on his arms and neck. He was
scared, he should run he thought. Run straight out out of the house and never come back. But the black whisp in the
mirror seemed to thick as Josh inched closer to the mirror. He was inticed by it, so much so that he was only partially
aware that the hoarse rasp eminating from the mirror was rising into a scream.

The blackness was almost whole almost opaque. it held the shape of someone, but Josh couldn't make out who. Suddenly
Josh remembered his dream only a few minutes before. The long curved hallway. He hadn't noticed any details of the hall
other then it was curved. Dreams had a way of obscuring the unimportant. It was certainly important now because as he
remembered more he realized that hall was not a hall at all, it was the endless reflection of the mirrors from the
bathroom.

He was standing at the window again and as he looked up into the opposite mirror. The blackness changed. As he looked
into the opposite mirror in the recolection of his dream he remembered what he saw there, what made him awake so
violently. He was no longer in his dream world. He was there in the bathroom, inches away from the mirror and in it,
looking back at him was a man.

Seeing someone other then himself in the mirror didn't immediately startle Josh. For some strange reason, after
recalling his dream, he almost expected this man to be there. He shook his head, willing himself out of the dream he was
surely in now. He turned around. There was noone except himself in the mirror by the door. He pinched himself, it hurt.
He turned back, the man was still there.

The man in the mirror didn't move. he stood perfectly still. He looked at Josh with with a sad look in his eye. He
looked as if he would cry, but kept himself from doing so because it would not make a difference. After standing face to
face for a minute or more, eyes staring at each other, the man mouth a single word. Josh could not hear the man, but he
understood what he said and knew now this was the main yelling the other night. help.

As if from thin air a black shrouded hand reach over the mans left shoulder and around the to other side of his neck.
Josh saw a glint of silver as the hand was pulled back across the mans through leaving a deep red gash. The man's eyes
rolled up and his lips parted once more, wordless this time. A scarlet curtain dropped from the gash along the mans
throat and started to soak the collar of his shirt.

"No!" Josh screamed. He took the final put his hand against the mirror. The man finally dropped out of site. Josh raised
himself up to look down as if the mirror was a window, but he could no longer see the man.

The bathroom was silent. Josh was so stunned by what he just witnessed that he could do nothing but stand slack-jawed
starring down at the bottom fo the mirror.

"What the Fuck was that," he said to no one in particular.

He touched the mirror again. It was just a mirror. He looked around the bathroom, nothing seemed to be out of place. He
stood silent for anothe rminute more and heard nothing except for a few cars pass by outside.

"What the fuck," he said again to himself as he left the bathroom, flicking off the light as he went.

He laid down in bed, pulled the blanket up to his chin and turned towards the bathroom. he stared at the bathroom door,
wondering what could he have possibly just seen. He drifted off to sleep still pondering what he had seen. In the
morning he would be surprise he was able to do so.
