I'm afraid to write. Just to get to this point, typing on my c=keyboard, I sat in the living room for 10 minutes
debating whether I really wanted to or not. When I brought my laptop into the study for some privacy I fled to the
bathroom for a little more time before actually getting started.

I don't think it is just writing I'm afraid of. I'm afraid of change.Anything out of the norm for me makes me stop and
think, do I really want to do this, do I really have to do this? Most times there is even some time spent thinking of
excuses. 

I've discovered this in myself in the last few years. I am very introverted. This is interesting to me because in school
, those silly personality tests always came out strongly orange. Orange was the color of the extrovert. I'm not
compltely sure why that is but I suspect it was just me projecting the person I actually wanted to be, instead of
revealing the person I am.

It's ok though. I've found this out about myself, and knowing this I can do something with it I guess, I'm just not sure
what.

So, back to writing. I'm not positive where my want to become a writer started. All I know now is that if I could be a
successful writer, I'd feel better about myself as a person. I know the root of that idea at least. For a while now I
have wanted, needed, pained to be known. Known for what I can do. I don't have to be famous, perse. But I want other
people to know who I am because of the things I have done.

Thinkin back on it now that needs has been present for most of my life. It started when I was young, playing soccer and
wanting to be a professional. I know this is most young athlestes dream, but for some reason I never let go of that
want, that urge to be known for what I can do.

I quickly understood that athletecism was not going to get me there, I was good but not nearly at the level it would
take to enter the road to stardom. School came next. A bachelors degree in software engineering adn computer science.
I think all young engineers go through the phase of wanting to create the next big thing. I sure did, and still am. As
soon as I have that million dollar idea I'll be of to the races. Let's just say that idea hasn't come yet.

I'm still active, physically speaking. I go through bursts of exercise and I play soccer once a week. I keep telling
myself that I'm too old to be a star at any skill related sport, but endurance athletes compete until they are well into
and past middle age. I still have hope, now just to get off my ass and hit the gym. Someday maybe.

And so back to writing a third time. I read a lot and I took a creative writing class in college which I loved. I see
writers as not being hugely famous. I mean sure there are the best selling authors. Some of my favorites are up there,
but for the most part, when it comes to being famous I think writers are lower on the totem pole. I'm not sure why all
that matters but it seems to fit into what I really want most, to be known. If the famous part comes along with it, so
be it, but if I had a handful of dedicated readers and fans of my work, I may feel like I actually achieved something.

I'm afraid to write because it's new to me and starting new things has always been hard. I'm also afraid to write
because I'm afraid to fail at anything. I've been reading a lot of how to become a writer. I know it is much more
difficult then reading a few blogs and magically calling myself a writer, but this is the first step. So, here's to
writing and becoming a writer! Let's see where this takes me.
